---
layout: post
title: Curriculum Vitae
---

## Education
+ 08.2016 - 07.2020 (expected) <br>
  **Tsinghua University**, Beijing, China <br>
  *Bachelor of Science in Mathematics (expected)* <br>
  Overall GPA: **3.89/4.0**. Ranking: **1/107** in the Department of Mathematics <br>
  <br>
+ 01.2019 - 05.2019 <br>
  **Massachusetts Institute of Technology**, Cambridge, MA, USA <br>
  *Undergraduate Special Student in the Department of Mathematics* <br>
  GPA: **5.0/5.0** <br>
  <br>
+ 07.2019 - 09.2019 <br>
  **Stanford University**, Stanford, CA, USA <br>
  *Chinese Undergraduate Visiting Research (UGVR) Program* <br>
  Only 18 students are selected from main-land China and Taiwan

## Research Experience
+ 09.2018 - 05.2019 <br>
  **Peking University, Dept. of Machine Intelligence**, Beijing, China <br>
  *Key Laboratory of Machine Perception* <br>
  Research Assistant. Advisor: [**Prof. Liwei Wang**](http://www.cis.pku.edu.cn/faculty/vision/wangliwei) <br>
  **Project: Understanding Adversarial Examples of Neural Networks** <br>
  <br>
+ 12.2017 - 09.2018 <br>
  **Tsinghua University, Dept. of Computer Science and Technology**, Beijing, China <br>
  *Graphics and Geometric Computing Group* <br>
  Research Assistant. Advisor: [**Prof. Shi-Min Hu**](https://cg.cs.tsinghua.edu.cn/prof_hu.htm) <br>
  **Project: Single-Image Based Interactive Modeling** <br>
  <br>
+ 12.2017 - 11.2018 <br>
  **Tsinghua University, Dept. of Mathematics**, Beijing, China <br>
  *Institution of Pure Mathematics* <br>
  Undergraduate Research Training. Advisor: [**Prof. Jie Xiao**](http://faculty.math.tsinghua.edu.cn/~jxiao) <br>
  **Junior Thesis: McKay Correspondence and Representation of Quivers** <br>
  <br>
+ 03.2017 - 09.2017 <br>
  **Tsinghua University, Dept. of Computer Science and Technology**, Beijing, China <br>
  *The Cloud Computing Club* <br>
  Research Assistant. <br>
  **Project: Spatial-Temporal Data Processing** <br>

## Extracurricular Activities
+ **09.2018-Present** Volunteer tutor and counselor at the Student Learning and Development Center
+ **06.2018** Second place in 2018 Beijing College Cricket Competition
+ **11.2017-05.2018** Vice Chair of the Student Science Association in the Department of Mathematics
+ **10.2016** Best Debater Honor in the Debate Competition of College of Science
